c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\bin\Debug\Secure Health.exe
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\bin\Debug\Secure Health.pdb
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\bin\Debug\Secure Health.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xaml
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\Secure Health.exe
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\Secure Health.pdb
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Bhavana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Secure Health\Secure Health\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
